[Docs] Added docs for `disableOptionWhen` second argument (#15300)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields/12-repeater.md

This method will automatically enable the `distinct()` and `live()` methods on the field.

> In case you want to add another disable condition, you can chain `disableOptionWhen` method, and set the second argument to `true`:
> 
> ```php
> use Filament\Forms\Components\Repeater;
> use Filament\Forms\Components\Select;
> 
> Repeater::make('members')
>     ->schema([
>         Select::make('role')
>             ->options([
>                 // ...
>             ])
>             ->disableOptionsWhenSelectedInSiblingRepeaterItems()
>             ->disableOptionWhen(fn (string $value): bool => $value === 'published', true),
>     ])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to add another condition to [disable options](../select#disabling-specific-options) with, you can chain `disableOptionWhen()` with the `merge: true` argument:

```php
use Filament\Forms\Components\Repeater;
use Filament\Forms\Components\Select;

Repeater::make('members')
    ->schema([
        Select::make('role')
            ->options([
                // ...
            ])
            ->disableOptionsWhenSelectedInSiblingRepeaterItems()
            ->disableOptionWhen(fn (string $value): bool => $value === 'super_admin', merge: true),
    ])
```
